docs(developer): update Crowdin MCP Server article for V2 (#670)
crowdin/docs: src/content/docs/developer/api/crowdin-mcp-server.mdx

|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `crowdin-tool-sets`    | `all`, or comma-separated names (for example, `ai,reports,webhooks`; see [Available Tool Sets](#available-tool-sets)) | Controls which tool sets are loaded. By default, the server loads a curated set of commonly used tool sets. Set to `all` to load every available tool set. |
| `crowdin-read-only`    | `true` or `false`                                                                                        | When set to `true`, only read-only tools (list and get operations) are exposed. Useful for safe exploration or read-only integrations.                 |
| `crowdin-project-type` | `string-based` or `file-based`                                                                           | Filters out tools that are not applicable to the specified project type, reducing noise for the AI agent.                                              |

> | `crowdin-tool-filter`  | Comma-separated patterns (for example, `projects_*`, `*_get_many`)                                      | Applies wildcard pattern matching to tool names, allowing you to include only a specific subset of tools.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `crowdin-tool-filter`  | Comma-separated patterns (for example, `*project*`, `list_*`)                                      | Applies wildcard pattern matching to tool names, allowing you to include only a specific subset of tools.                                              |
```
